Add note about open/close dates and late penalties to assessment docs (#6046)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/assessment.md

By default, an assessment is only accessible to course staff. To allow students to access the assessment, the `allowAccess` option can be used in the assessment's `infoAssessment.json` file.

> Access control options can also be used to control the open/close dates of assessments and apply penalties for late submissions. Once again, see  [Access control page](https://prairielearn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/accessControl/) for details and examples.

Reviewer: We should always use relative URLs in docs to ensure that links work locally or for revisions other than `latest`.

```suggestion
Access control options can also be used to control the open/close dates of assessments and apply penalties for late submissions. Once again, see  [Access control page](accessControl.md) for details and examples.
```
